azsdk-mcp mock (#15309)
Azure/azure-sdk-tools: tools/azsdk-cli/Azure.Sdk.Tools.Mock/README.md

# Azure.Sdk.Tools.Mock

A mock MCP server that exposes the same tools as the real `Azure.Sdk.Tools.Cli` but returns canned responses instead of executing real logic. Useful for benchmarking, evaluation, and integration testing without requiring live Azure services or dependencies.

## How It Works

> The mock server reuses the real CLI's tool definitions (`SharedOptions.ToolsList`) via a project reference. At startup it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mock server reuses the tool definitions from real Azure SDK Tools MCP server (`SharedOptions.ToolsList`) via a project reference. At startup it:
```

1. **Reflects** over all tool classes to find methods marked with `[McpServerTool]`
2. **Creates** real `McpServerTool` instances to capture full metadata (name, description, input schema)
3. **Wraps** each tool in a `MockMcpServerTool` that intercepts all calls and routes them through a `MockToolFactory`

When a tool is called:
- If a custom `IMockToolHandler` exists for that tool name → the handler produces the response
- Otherwise → a default success response is returned:
  ```json
  { "message": "Mock response for <tool_name>", "operation_status": "Succeeded" }
  ```

The MCP client sees the exact same tool list and schemas as the real CLI — only the responses differ.

## Running the Mock Server

### From the command line

```bash
dotnet run --project tools/azsdk-cli/Azure.Sdk.Tools.Mock
```

### As an MCP server in VS Code

> Add to `.vscode/mcp.json`:

Reviewer: This will be .mcp.json in the repo root for this to work from copilot-cli
